add notes about traffic addressing for waypoint proxies (#15609)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ambient/usage/waypoint/index.md

> | `waypoint-for` value | Traffic type |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `waypoint-for` value |  Destination type |
```

Author: actually more relevant than traffic vs destination here might be adding "original" or something along those lines. Maybe `Original Destination Type`

| -------------------- | ------------ |
| `service`            | Kubernetes services |
| `workload`           | Pod IPs or VM IPs |
| `all`                | Both service and workload traffic |
| `none`               | No traffic (useful for testing) |

> {{< tip >}}

Reviewer: Having 2 tips in the same spot seems unnecessary/duplicative?

Maybe pick one spot for the `tip` (not sure if right here, or below inline is better)

Author: They look much closer together in the PR than they actually are in the rendered page. Take a look here and lmk if you still think one or the other needs to go.

https://deploy-preview-15609--preliminary-istio.netlify.app/latest/docs/ambient/usage/waypoint/

Reviewer: it still reads a bit as saying the same thing again a few paragraphs later, maybe just hoist the bottom tip right under the table - it makes more sense _to me_ to explicitly call this out once under the types than at the end of the section, but that's just an opinion, so feel free to ignore.

Any requests from pods in the ambient mesh to the `reviews-v2` pod IP will now be routed through the `reviews-v2-pod-waypoint` waypoint for L7 processing and policy enforcement.

{{< tip >}}

> The original addressing of the traffic is used to determine if a service or workload waypoint should be used. Traffic which is addressed to a service, even though ultimately this would be resolved to a pod IP, is always treated by the ambient mesh as to-service and would use a service-attached waypoint. Workload-attached waypoints are only used when the client addresses traffic to the pod itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original destination type of the traffic is used to determine if a service or workload waypoint should be used.
For instance, traffic which is addressed to a service, even though ultimately resolved to a pod IP, is always treated by the ambient mesh as to-service and would use a service-attached waypoint. Waypoints will not be re-transited by the same traffic for the same destination.
```
